What's your proudest achievement? It can be a personal project or something you've
worked on professionally. Just a short paragraph is fine, but I'd love to know why
you're proud of it, what impact it had (If any) and any insights you took from it.

----------------- Marathon -----------------

The proudest moment of my life was when I crossed the finish line at the 2017 Toronto marathon. It was the first marathon I
had ever done in my life and it was the culmination of a lot of hard word and pain.

Like many people, I had always dreamed of running a marathon. Also as most people, I had hated running and could barely run for 5 minutes,
let alone 26.2 miles. For most of my life, the idea of running on was a fantasy, something I thought would be nice but never actually tried
to accomplish. It all changed when I was 21, and decided to go for a mile run. There wasn't a reason why I wanted to run that day, I just thought it
was a nice day and decided to run. It was an excruciating 10 minutes, after which I swore off ever running again. But then the next day came and I decided to
run again and to this time run a little further. I kept repeating everyday, running further and further until I was running 6 miles on daily basis. I had become
addicted to running and the feeling of bliss that came after going for a run. I repeated the daily routine for an entire year up until my 2 friends mentioned going
on a post graduation vacation to Toronto to run the marathon.


----------------- First Hackathon Win -----------------
The proudest moment of my life was winning my first hackathon my junior year of college. The purpose of the hackathon was to spend 24 hours making a project
related to RFID technology. I went in not knowing what to expect, and not even being a decent coder, and randomly just sat at a table with some of my classmates.
We talked briefly about potential ideas, upon which i pitched an idea I thought of while I volunteered as an EMT in highschool. The idea a smartwatch app that would call 911
when it detected the wearer had fallen. The app would store patient information, which a person could scan by simply tapping their phone to the watch. The reasoning come me
spending countless minutes searching for patients information, such as name, dob, prior conditions, instead of treating them on calls.

Over the next 24 hours, my group mates and I spent the entire time hacking away, learning as much as can about app and smartwatch development, scouring the little documentation
at the time on how make this idea come to fruition. There were many ups and down but by the next night, we had finally finished the app. In our sleep stupor we demoed
our app, and went back to our table nervously waiting to see the results of the competition. When our group name was announced as the winner, we all bolted into the air
and rushed to the front to collect our $2000 prize.

----------------- BNY Hackathon --------------------
One of the proudest achievemets that I have accomplished was successfully planning a hackathon during my INternship at BNY Mellon. During the year prior to my internship,
I had become addicted to going to hackathons, having gone to 10 over that prior school year, and so I thought it would be a good idea to plan a hackathon at BNY Mellon.
My plan was to create an event that would allow the technical interns to work with the business interns to solve a common goal. I went and pitched the idea to my manager,
who loved the idea and pitched it to her manager, who also gave me the approval to move forward. Unfortunetely, this is where the roadblocks came, where I was stuck
in a a beaurcratic limbo, not able to move forward with the idea. On top of this, many managers and senior engineers doubted my ability to get the CTO of BNY Mellon to come
and participate as a judge. But this negativity didn't deter me, and I was able pass the CTO randomly on the lobby and pitched the idea on the spot. He loved it and gave me
the full approval to move forward. I was able to plan the reset of the event without any hickups and had over 60^ of the intern class participate, had challenges submited
by executives across the company, and even a grand prize of tickets to a pirates games.
